hey guys so I am cleaning up the
hardwood that I may see and I scored off
of craigslist it's birch hardwood
flooring and it was in a really nice
house so with regular hardwood floor and
you've got all of these staples um in it
and so what you need to get rid of those
to start with then the next thing I'll
need to do is that along this groove
right here is a duck glue dirt debris
it'll have to chisel out so that
everything fits really flush once I've
got it done so the plan with this is to
shave all these off and then install it
and then I think we're going to sand it
and finish it but I may just run this
through run these pieces through plana
and take this top layer off so we don't
have to sand it so we haven't really
figured that part out yet but I wanted
to show you you know this is kind of my
goal is to share with other people how
to do certain things and marques been a
huge resource for me so you could pull
these out um this staple goes into this
edge so it's kind of hard to pull them
out so what we have set up is a router
and I'm having kind of a blast because
it's shooting flames everywhere it's
kind of cool so I just wanted to show
you that so I'm going to get my little
my gear on so I can show you how that
works and hopefully I can get it on
camera and good enough for you but it's
it's pretty fun so here's the router
obviously I'm set up better over there
but I just wanted to show you guys how
that how that working and you know
whether it's working awesome so if you
guys get any reclaimed floor out there
any tighter hat tiny houses this is how
you can get rid of those nails and it
works really well and it's really fun I
was told not to catch anything on fire
and I asked him if there was a mix fire
extinguisher in here and he said yes but
he wouldn't show me where it was so take
care thanks